README.md, before:


# Sample Rust Axum app with Autometrics
This is a sample backend service written in Rust with Axum framework with several API handlers that are erroring or responding slowly intended to showcase the Autometrics framework with Service Level Objectives.

### Resources

- see the [documentation site](https://docs.autometrics.dev) for more in-depth information on all Autometrics features.
- ask for help and share feedback on [our Discord](https://discord.com/invite/MJr7pYzZQ4)!

## Getting started

To get the sample up and running you can follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone autometrics-dev/gettingstarted-am-rs

cd gettingstarted-am-rs
```

2. Download the Autometrics CLI

If you're on macOS you can use Homebrew:

```bash
brew install autometrics-dev/tap/am
```

or you can grab the binaries directly from the [GitHub release](https://github.com/autometrics-dev/am/releases/).

3. Start the application

```bash
cargo run
```

The application will start on a port 3000 by default and expose a metrics endpoint.

4. Start the Autometrics CLI and Explorer

Start the Autometrics CLI and point it to the endpoint it can scrape metrics from.

```bash
am start :3000
```

Autometrics CLI will download and run a Prometheus binary under the hood and start scraping metrics.

5. Preview the metrics in Autometrics Explorer

Autometrics CLI will also start a server with the Explorer available on `localhost:6789`. You can browse it and start exploring your sample app metrics! (You might need to ping the endpoints a few times to see the data reflected).

That's all!

Commit message:

Print some instructions and information (#2)
These instructions include what the local address is, which endpoints there are, and how to use this with am.

It is also possible to change the listen address by exporting the LISTEN_ADDRESS environment variable, which defaults to 127.0.0.1:3000.

README.md, after:


# Sample Rust Axum app with Autometrics
This is a sample backend service written in Rust with Axum framework with several API handlers that are erroring or responding slowly intended to showcase the Autometrics framework with Service Level Objectives.

### Resources

- see the [documentation site](https://docs.autometrics.dev) for more in-depth information on all Autometrics features.
- ask for help and share feedback on [our Discord](https://discord.com/invite/MJr7pYzZQ4)!

## Getting started

To get the sample up and running you can follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone autometrics-dev/gettingstarted-am-rs

cd gettingstarted-am-rs
```

2. Download the Autometrics CLI

If you're on macOS you can use Homebrew:

```bash
brew install autometrics-dev/tap/am
```

or you can grab the binaries directly from the [GitHub release](https://github.com/autometrics-dev/am/releases/).

3. Start the application

```bash
cargo run
```

The application will start on a port 3000 by default and expose a metrics endpoint.

NOTE: You can override the listen address by exporting the `LISTEN_ADDRESS`
environment variable. Note that you have to use this same address in the next
step.

4. Start the Autometrics CLI and Explorer

Start the Autometrics CLI and point it to the endpoint it can scrape metrics from.

```bash
am start :3000
```

Autometrics CLI will download and run a Prometheus binary under the hood and start scraping metrics.

5. Preview the metrics in Autometrics Explorer

Autometrics CLI will also start a server with the Explorer available on `localhost:6789`. You can browse it and start exploring your sample app metrics! (You might need to ping the endpoints a few times to see the data reflected).

That's all!
